README.md, before:

 # Modular Java EE 8

 ---

 Simple Java EE 8 Modular Architecture application! The intention was to test modular architecture by providing two implementations for different data source one for MySQL and the other for PostgreSQL.
 
 To run the application execute the following commands:
 
 1. build project
``mvn clean install``
 2. start the containers
 ``docker-compose up``
 3. For admin console go to: https://localhost:4848/ user: admin & password = admin
 4. Rest endpoint url: http://localhost:8080/web-module/users
  
 The development environment was:
 1. JDK9 (The project it self is target to run with Java 8)
 2. Docker 17.12.0 CE

 Architecture overview:
 
![alt Architecture Overview](https://github.com/viktorcitaku/modular-jee/blob/master/architecture/ModularJavaEE.png)

- **web-module.war** can run also without one of the **mysql-module.jar** and **postgres-module**.
- - When one of the modules is removed _beans.xml_ should be modified in **web-module.war** where the following line of code should be changes: ``  <alternatives>
    <class>io.github.viktorcitaku.mysqlmodule.UserDaoBean</class>
  </alternatives> ``.
- **contract.jar** module contains entity classes, interfaces, qualifiers, cdi stereotypes, JPA Producers for either MySQL or PostgresSQL.
- - The inteface called ``UserDao`` has two implementation which live on one of the modules **mysql-module.jar** and **postgres-module**.
- - The entity class defined in contract is necessary to be included in the entity classes in the ``persistence.xml`` since JPA seems to scan just the war and not the JARs too.
- The purple boxes represent the main technologies used among many other provided by Java EE 8.

Commit message:

Refactor the project to support running on Payara Server, since the Oracle Glassfish 5 is deprecated

README.md, after:

 # Modular Jakarta EE 8

 ---

 Simple Jakarta EE 8 Modular Architecture application. The intention is to test a modular architecture by providing two implementations for different data source one for MySQL DB and the other one for Postgres DB.
 
 To run the application execute the following commands:
 
 1. build project
``mvn clean install``
 2. start the containers
 ``docker-compose up``
 3. For admin console go to: https://localhost:4848/ user: admin & password = admin
 4. Rest endpoint url: http://localhost:8080/web-module/users
  
 The development environment was:
 1. OpenJDK Runtime Environment AdoptOpenJDK (build 11.0.8+10) (The project itself targets to run under Java 8)
 2. Docker 19.03.12 CE

 Architecture overview:
 
![alt Architecture Overview](https://github.com/viktorcitaku/modular-jee/blob/master/architecture/ModularJavaEE.png)

- **web-module** can run also without one of the Jars, either **mysql-module** or **postgres-module**.
- - When one of the Jars is removed _beans.xml_ should be modified in **web-module** by changing: ``  <alternatives>
    <class>io.github.viktorcitaku.mysqlmodule.UserDaoBean</class>
  </alternatives> `` accordingly. 
- **contract** module contains entity classes, interfaces, qualifiers, cdi stereotypes, JPA Producers and so on.
- - The interface called ``UserDao`` has two implementation which live on one of the modules **mysql-module.jar** and **postgres-module**.
- - The entity class under the **contract** module, should be included in the ``persistence.xml``, because JPA scans just the War and not the Jars.
- The purple boxes represent the main specs supported by Jakarta EE 8 but not limited to. The reference implementation is Payara Server (Full) Community Edition.
